Add tutorials for a first utilisation of FrontLine, closes MISC-52 (#11)
gatling/frontline-cloud-doc: content/tutorials/simulation.md

![Injection configuration](images/create_simulation_step_3.png)

That's it, we created our first simulation on FrontLine !

## Start load testing !

We're now ready to start load testing on FrontLine. To start the simulation we created previously, click on the <i class="fas fa-play"></i> icon.

<img src="images/start_simulation.png" alt="Start the simulation" width="900"/>

You can see the status of the simulation in the "Status" column, and the logs by clicking on the <i class="fas fa-file-alt"></i> button.

<img src="images/simulation_ongoing.png" alt="Simulation status" width="900"/>

You also have access to advanced metrics about your run, even while the simulation is still running. Click on the <i class="fas fa-chart-area"></i> button to see the reports.

<img src="images/reports.png" alt="FrontLine Reports" width="900"/>

You will find here every information you may need to analyze your run. Take some time to interact with the graphs and change tabs.

## Additional resources

You have successfully started load testing, you can read our documentation if you need more information about our product:

> FrontLine documentation: https://beta.gatling.io

Reviewer: ```suggestion
FrontLine documentation: {{< ref "/" >}}
```

Reviewer: See https://gohugo.io/content-management/cross-references/

> Documentation about the creation of an artifact: https://beta.gatling.io/docs/user/artifact_gen

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Documentation about the creation of an artifact: {{< ref "docs/user/artifact_gen" >}}
```

Reviewer: This reminds me `artifact_gen` is underscore whereas all the pages here are dashed. Should we dash all the pages?

Author: i think dash is better

> Documentation about how to use the FrontLine reports: https://beta.gatling.io/docs/user/reports/

Reviewer 2: Links are not generated (perhaps because of the inclusion?)

> Documentation about how to use the FrontLine reports: https://beta.gatling.io/docs/user/reports/

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Documentation about how to use the FrontLine reports: {{< ref "docs/user/reports/" >}}
```
